docs: update docs to use forceTenantPrefix (#795)
clastix/capsule: docs/content/general/tutorial.md

Alice started the name of the namespace prepended by the name of the tenant: this is not a strict requirement but it is highly suggested because it is likely that many different tenants would like to call their namespaces `production`, `test`, or `demo`, etc.

> The enforcement of this naming convention is optional and can be controlled by the cluster administrator with the `forceTenantPrefix` option in CapsuleConfiguration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The enforcement of this naming convention is optional and can be controlled by the cluster administrator with the `spec.forceTenantPrefix` option for the loaded `CapsuleConfiguration`.

> For more information, please, refer to the [`CapsuleConfiguration` API CRD](https://capsule.clastix.io/docs/general/crds-apis/#capsuleconfigurationspec-1).
```

kubectl create ns gas-production
```

> When the enforcement of the naming convention with the `forceTenantPrefix` option, is enabled, the namespaces are automatically assigned to the right tenant by Capsule because the operator does a lookup on the tenant names. If the `forceTenantPrefix` option, is not set,   Alice needs to specify the tenant name as a label `capsule.clastix.io/tenant=<desired_tenant>` in the namespace manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the enforcement of the naming convention with the `forceTenantPrefix` option is enabled, the namespaces are automatically assigned to the right tenant by Capsule because the operator does a lookup on the tenant names. If the `forceTenantPrefix` option, is not set, Alice needs to specify the tenant name as a label `capsule.clastix.io/tenant=<desired_tenant>` in the namespace manifest:
```
